README.md, before:

---
maintainer: lakruzz
---
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->
# devopsdays.dk

## The Danish DevOpsDays community's own home

The official home of all DevOpsDays chapters is on [devopsdays.org](https://devopsdays.org)

Where we are also represented with [devopsdays.org/denmark](https://devopsdays.org/denmark)

...BUT!

The static Hugo site set up per default looks like something from the 90ies, The repo is 3GB+ to download and each build rebuild the entire history of all events in all cities since 2009. A pull request to main can take weeks to get approved.

Therefore we came up with our own nimble static web for hosting the Danish conferences and events.

## The source is open

[This repository on github](https://github.com/devopsdays-dk/devopsdays.dk) is open for everyone to examine.

It's build in Jekyll, takes offset in the [minimal-mistakes](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes). But we've created our own fork of that in [devopsdays-dk/minimal-mistakes](https://github.com/devopsdays-dk/minimal-mistakes).

## Chip in

Your feed back is very valuable and you are more than welcome to comment either in the Giscus enabled posts (you use your GitHub account to comment) or create an issue – [in the issues](../../issues/)

On Behalf of the Danish DevOpsDays Organizers
_Lars Kruse_ @lakruzz

Commit message:

organize site source in a sub folder - resolves #9
4e41426: added a remote thene docs entry - #9

960f2af: Some linting - #9

84bda5a: Added first draft to the CONTRINUTING.md - #9

0cb1960: commit before the agent - #9

14275cf: some linting - #9

67969b7: moved all jekyll related to  - #9

README.md, after:

---
maintainer: lakruzz
---
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->
# devopsdays.dk

## The Danish DevOpsDays community's own home

### Live at [www.devopsdays.dk](https://www.devopsdays.dk)

While the official representation of the Danish DevOpsDays chapter is required on [devopsdays.org](https://devopsdays.org/denmark). This repo holds the source for our own _true_  home on [www.devopsdays.dk](https://www.devopsdays.dk). Our site on `devopsdays.org` is merely a placeholder that redirects to this site.

### Why skip `devopsdays.org`

Well, the static Hugo site set up by the community looks like something from the 90ies, The repo (see [our fork](https://github.com/devopsdays-dk/devopsdays-web)) is 3GB+ to download and each renedering rebuilds the entire history of all events in all cities since 2009. A pull request to main can take weeks to get approved.

Therefore we came up with our own nimble static web for hosting the Danish conferences and events.

## The source is open

[This repository on github](https://github.com/devopsdays-dk/devopsdays.dk) is open for everyone to examine.

It's build in Jekyll, takes offset in the [minimal-mistakes theme](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes). But we've created our own fork of that in [devopsdays-dk/minimal-mistakes](https://github.com/devopsdays-dk/minimal-mistakes). And while we have already made some modifications and additions to the theme, you can still trust [the documentation of the theme](https://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/) to apply to our site too.

## Chip in

Your feed back is very valuable and you are more than welcome to comment either in the Giscus enabled posts on the website (you use your GitHub account to comment) or create an issue – [in the GitHub issues](../../issues/). You can also join our slack on the open invite at [slack.devopsdays.dk](https://slack.devopsdays.dk) and come chat to us there.

## Contribute

If you would like to contribute to this web site, your help is very welcome! Start by having a look at [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to get a sense of how it all works and get the dev environment up and running.

**On Behalf of the Danish DevOpsDays Organizers**

_Lars Kruse_ [@lakruzz](https://github.com/lakruzz)
